BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1.Instead of constants that represent the configuration parameters,we used the fields in the configuration file.
In addition, in order to avoid magic numbers we used reference to specific instances of objects,
instead of numbers to describe them.
2.For example - we used a dictionary of <Players-penalty time> to hold for each player the remaining
freezing time. Also, we set the reshuffle time in dealer to be the value of the field turnTimeoutMillis.
3.we ran several manual QA tests on the program, side by side with changing the configuration field.


--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

1.We created stack of players, inserted to the stack ordered by their creation time. When dealer thread has to be terminated,
it pops the players object out of the stack, and activates the method terminate which signals to the corresponding thread
to end it's tasks gracefully.
2.It is used in terminate method in dealer class.
3.

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

We are not entitled to this bonus.
